BD-2089: Add alert and clarify support details for trigger_properties (#5371)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/objects_filters/trigger_properties_object.md

> When using one of the endpoints for sending a campaign with API-triggered delivery, you may provide a map of keys and values to customize your message.

If you make an API request that contains an object in `trigger_properties`, the values in that object can then be referenced in your message template under the `api_trigger_properties` namespace. For example, a request with the following could add the word `"shoes"` to a message by adding {% raw %}`{{api_trigger_properties.${product_name}}}`{% endraw %}.

{% alert note %}

> The `trigger_properties` object and {% raw %}`api_trigger_properties.${product_name}`{% endraw %} syntax is only supported in campaigns. To customize messages with keys and values from an API trigger request for Canvas, use the [Canvas entry properties object](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/objects_filters/canvas_entry_properties_object/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `trigger_properties` object and {% raw %}`api_trigger_properties.${product_name}`{% endraw %} syntax is only supported in campaigns. To customize messages with keys and values from an API trigger request for Canvas, use the [Canvas entry properties object]({{site.baseurl}}/api/objects_filters/canvas_entry_properties_object/).
```

Author: oops! ty for catching that
